docs: fix dead link to job-worker connector (#139)
camunda/connector-sendgrid: README.md

### Test as local Job Worker

> Use the [Camunda Job Worker Connector Run-Time](https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime) to run your function as a local Job Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Camunda Connector Runtime](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/spring-zeebe/tree/master/connector-runtime#building-connector-runtime-bundles) to run your function as a local Job Worker.
```
